hello guys and youtube girls he
be inside that 's so cool josh
brolin here are llamas with you and
nothing but this in this video I'm going to
teach how to make some tattoos
and permanent
that are only removed with acetone
and eventually also removed
but concepts but visit me and only
let's visit a black marker
a transparent instant if a food
is exponent the nail polish remover and a
sponge
and let's start
well I'm going to do it black worth
but you can use others
colors and black because it is the color
you want to make statue hess and good you
I'm going to show the two tattoos that I
I've done that now I'm going to delete one for
make them
as it is worth it is to make the laterals
because I do not want to do many
and you can start
the first is this that an infinity
As you can see, it is not removed
and the second since they are notes
musicals I think I'm going to remove
Well, as you can see, I'm recording with
another camera that is the camera of the mobile
new that seems super super but
would be you if you do not want
this camera, why do not you tell me
but this video to achieve with this
camera since the other next than another
time without cell phone battery but good
Well, I will not remove
I want you to see that it is not removed
complete badly you're worth it with water with
over time you will also sit
but it lasts long
there you see that it is being removed
and nothing else I 'm going to finish
remove and now we have
it's worth it , I've already taken off as you see
and what we have to do is choose a
tattoo that we see on the internet or where
be a tattoo try not to be too
difficult because if not then help him to
Remove if it is wrong and good
of that I have already chosen what I want
make me what I'm going to do
500 things
I thought I was going to do some things
because he has done me before and we go with
much
so I'm going to choose what I
I want to do
and well, let's draw our
tattoo here in the hand
Well, I've already done it to Estevez
it's like the music producer
and well once we have done with challenge
let's take our enamel
and we're going to apply one for a layer
[Music]
if it's fast a lot better
the enamel on the skin dries very very
fast so there's no need to wait
long time
and good
then there you see how it has been
well nothing to that closes this
I have stayed
the truth as you see is very simple
do and you can remove it when you want
and well, I really like it if
You have liked to say below that you have
seemed to give a like subscribing lott
although he says subscribe to follow
watching my videos
Y
tell you if you want if you can send me
a
a photo to my gmail to see how it has
complained narrow tattoo
and well, so far, the video
kisses until the next goodbye